Add 1.5.12 post (#186)
runelite/runelite.net: src/_posts/2019-02-14-10-00-1.5.12-Release.md

---
title: '1.5.12 Release'
description: 'Wiki plugin and poison plugin'
author: Adam
---

A wiki plugin was added which allows quickly looking up items, npcs, quests, and
more on the [OldSchool RuneScape Wiki](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/). It
also has a built in search feature which lets you quickly search for articles
using the in game chatbox.

![wiki-lookup](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/wiki-lookup.gif)

![wiki-quest](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/wiki-quest.gif)

![wiki-search](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/wiki-search.gif)

A poison plugin was added which shows time until next damage, cure, and next
poison damage in an overlay on the hitpoints orb. It can also optionally add an
infobox.

![poison](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/poison.png)  
![poison-infobox](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/poison-infobox.png)
![venom-infobox](/img/blog/1.5.12-Release/venom-infobox.png)

The player indicator plugin now has an option on where to draw the players name

> on screen.

Reviewer: This could probably use an image, since it's not clear what this change looks like. If you decide to add one, the image from my PR should probably work fine.

> An option to hide the auto retaliate button has been added to the attackstyles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An option to hide the auto retaliate button has been added to the attack styles
```

plugin.

There are also several smaller improvements and bug fixes, including:

- Fix loottracker losing loot on logout from RuneLite
- Fix world hopper not functioning correctly if the plugin is restarted
- Fix xp tracker progress bars to be more visible
- Fix "A Basic Anti Pot" anagram clue answer for removal of Veos's boat
- Add Hydra slayer helmet to the slayer plugin
- Add Kebos swamp cryptic clue

> - Update skilling calculate for Wyrm bones XP change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update skilling calculator for Hydra, Drake and Wyrm bones XP change
```

Reviewer 3: Comma after Drake.
